## Entain BE Technical Test

## Task 1
Added additional filter `race_visibility`. This filter will allow user/operator to call on ListRaces to filter out the output to race's visible parameter.

The changes necessary were to modify the `ListRacesRequestFilter` to accept an additional parameter to parse in another filter named `race_visibility` from both api and racing servers.

The modification to `applyFilter()` was necessary to query the database to check if there were any additional filter inputs for RaceVisibility.

### Task 1 - Reflection
I haven't used the protobuff before and I failed to understand immediately why the functions couldn't parse single single input (e.g. {filter:{"meeting_ids":1}}). I had to re-read the .pb.go files to understand the functions generated by the proto was accepting an array of input of a certain type. 

## Task 2
Added `raceReportSortByAdvertisedTime()` to the `ListRaces()` so any newly added races can be ordered whenever a POST message `ListRacesRequest` is sent from the user/operator. 

### Task 2 - Reflection
I haven't implemented the bonus task as I usually tend to the MVP first and apply any additional feature/upgrades after discussing with the team and client. I'm working this task as how I would usually work in an environment with a team and assuming I would have to deliver the MVP first then bonus tasks at the end when MVP has been completed.

## Task 3
Added a new message field to `Race` to api and racing server. This allows user to visually see if a certain types of races are CLOSED or OPEN depending on the current time.

The database table is modified on runtime when the `ListRaces()` is called to update the status of all races. Cases that was considered was when a new race is added or just simply, time passing, the listed races needs to be up to date/time. I tried to make the code to account for future implementations or modifications needed to the database and made the functions more generic to add additional columns on runtime and modify the status at the same time.

### Task 3 - Reflection
It's been a while since I handled any database query (sqlite) so having to set this up was quite fun. I faced some difficulty when trying to make sure I was using the correct syntax to modify the selected row of the database but after a few tries (and bunch of online searching) I found out the best way I could implement to add a new column. Unfortunately, I made a poor implementation to confirm if the column of a specific name already exists. I couldn't figure out how to use the `INSER OR IGNORE` or find an alternative to `IF NOT EXIST` query for sqlite3, so I made a dodgy error handling to ignore the 'duplicate column exists' error. In my future attempts, hopefully I'll understand the correct keywords necessary. 

## Task 4
I've implemented to the extent where I wanted to start testing my implementation. However, I noticed I wasn't able to generate the .pb.gw.go file which I believe should be containing the "GET" `RegisterRacingHandlerClient()` from the protoc generate command. I tried to read all the resources I could find, and tried to resolve it, but kept getting the error command below regarding 'protoc-gen-grpc-gateway' binary missing when I tried to use the given command. Much of the search tells me the imports or the binary is a pre-compiled file which isn't well documented and isn't tracked by go (https://github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/issues/1065#issuecomment-544241612). I'm not too sure how true this is today, so I tried to compile the binaries needed myself but in the end, it didn't work.

The left over task which I couldn't complete would be to generate the protoc .pb.gw.go file and finish off `applyFindRaceById()` and implement it for my interface `GetRace()`.

```
[Info  - 10:05:10 pm] 2022/06/19 22:05:10 background imports cache refresh starting

[Info  - 10:05:10 pm] 2022/06/19 22:05:10 background refresh finished after 3.2328ms

[Info  - 10:05:15 pm] 2022/06/19 22:05:15 protoc -I . --go_out . --go_opt paths=source_relative --go-grpc_out . --go-grpc_opt paths=source_relative --grpc-gateway_out . --grpc-gateway_opt paths=source_relative racing/racing.proto

	operation="generate"

[Info  - 10:05:15 pm] 2022/06/19 22:05:15 'protoc-gen-grpc-gateway' is not recognized as an internal or external command,
operable program or batch file.

	operation="generate"

[Info  - 10:05:15 pm] 2022/06/19 22:05:15 --grpc-gateway_out
	operation="generate"

[Info  - 10:05:15 pm] 2022/06/19 22:05:15 : protoc-gen-grpc-gateway: Plugin failed with status code 1.

	operation="generate"

[Info  - 10:05:15 pm] 2022/06/19 22:05:15 api.go:3: running "protoc": exit status 1

	operation="generate"

[Error - 10:05:15 pm] 2022/06/19 22:05:15 command error: exit status 1

[Error - 10:05:15 pm] Request workspace/executeCommand failed.
  Message: exit status 1
  Code: 0 

```

### Task 4 - Reflection
Unfortuantely I don't have much to say other than my lack of knowledge in this area to complete this task. Honestly, I can't say for sure that it's the fault of the 'protoc-gen-grpc-gateway' since I saw all the imports avaialble in go.sum/go.mod. To me, it looked like it was all there, but the compiler just couldn't see it or something couldn't be built when executing the go generate. It was fun still and I felt pretty comfortable using the grpc/protoc tool with golang as it handled much of the difficult and tedious tasks already, but I realize setting up the environment properly from the get go is also important to utilize this tool. I noticed the failure of the go:generate in api.go from Task 1 but didn't investigate any further as I was able to build the pb.go and grpc.pb.go from another command and didn't realize the importance of the 'protoc-gen-grpc-gateway' imports.

## Task 5
Unfotunately, I cannot complete this task without knowing more on how to generate the .pb.gw.go file or having further knowledge on using the `protoc-gen-grpc-gateway', and will not be attemping.

## Bonus Tasks
I've implemented a few of the common search methods which uses integers. I've tried to implement for names (alphabetical) but realized soon that it was not so simple as I need to access the individual race records from all races, then check their names and compare alphabetical order for both first and last names. Perhpas I was using the sort package wrong but I couldn't find a simmple answer before my time ran out.

The followings commands are some of the sort available (bool values interchangeable):
```
$ curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8000/v1/list-races"      -H 'Content-Type: application/json'      -d $'{
  "filter": {
    "meeting_ids":[1],
    "sort_order": {
        "ordered_item":"start time",
        "earliest_to_latest":true
        }
    }
}'

$ curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8000/v1/list-races"      -H 'Content-Type: application/json'      -d $'{
  "filter": {
    "sort_order": {
        "ordered_item":"id",
        "low_to_high":true
        }
    }
}'

$ curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8000/v1/list-races"      -H 'Content-Type: application/json'      -d $'{
  "filter": {
    "sort_order": {
        "ordered_item":"number",
        "low_to_high":false
        }
    }
}'

// allows default sort on GetAdvertisedStartTime()
$ curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8000/v1/list-races"      -H 'Content-Type: application/json'      -d $'{
  "filter": {
    "meeting_ids":[1]
    }
}'

$ curl -X "POST" "http://localhost:8000/v1/list-races"      -H 'Content-Type: application/json'      -d $'{
  "filter": {
    "meeting_ids":[1],
    "race_visibility":[false]
    }
}'

```

### Bonus Tasks - Reflection
During the testing for all the commands, I noticed there was a spelling mistake which I haven't noticed until now. Even though it's a quick fix, because I didn't create the PR at the end of each task, but all at the same time,it was missed. My plan was to go through all of the PRs again for such mistakes at the end for the final submission but I caught it during my bonus task. My usual process of working is to double check the PR I created when I create them and fix as necessary. Although, due to the time pressure I had and hoping to submit all PRs at the same time, it was missed until the end.
